EL'TANA
Hi Front-End Devs @channel
 HERE IS YOUR FRONT-END STAGE TWO(2) TASK
:bulb:Primary Reading materials
React
React router dom
How to host on Github or Netlify
:bulb:Task Duration: 3 Days
:bulb:Submission Details:
Link: Click Here to Submit.
Deadline: Saturday 5th Nov 2022 - 11:59PM WAT
:bulb:Task UI Design:
Click Here to view the UI Design on Figma.
:bulb:Task Details:
Continue from the stage 1 task,
Add another anchor tag styled as a Button with an id of 'contact' that redirects to “/contact” page in your app.
NB. The contact page path must be "/contact"
The contact page should have a form with the following details:
A First and last name input fields with ids ‘first_name’ and ‘last_name’ respectively
An Email address input field with an id of ‘email’
A Textarea with an id of ‘message’ to contain the message of the person
A button with an id of ‘btn__submit’ that will submit the form
All fields should have appropriate label tags
:bulb:Requirements:
You're required to use Only React.Js and React-Router-DOM to complete this task. (No React.Ts, Next.Ts/Next.Js, Gatsby etc. is allowed)
You may use any CSS Framework/Library or CSS Preprocessor of your choice for styling.
Make sure you Implement the UI Design on Figma and also Follow all the instructions on the Notion page.
You Must make frequent atomic commits to your GitHub repository and keep standard on commit messages.
Example:
feat: The new feature you're adding to a particular application
fix: A bug fix
style: Feature and updates related to styling
refactor: Refactoring a specific section of the code-base
test: Everything related to testing
docs: Everything related to documentation
chore: Regular code maintenance.
:bulb: NB:
You can only make one(1) Submission when you're done.
If you have a correction/bug to fix, review your code, make changes, commit and push to the same GitHub repository you deployed and submitted the Link.
All corrections/fixes must be done on/before deadline day and time.
Everyone will be graded at the same time once all Submission have been received and Deadline has elapsed.
Happy Hacking!
Show less (edited) 
Posted in announcements-projects | Today at 7:35 AM | View message